So in previous part, I told you about so late, so now I'm going to create some extremist pages, then
some Java logic here.
So mainly it confused only a the pages.
And you can also create JSP here.
So what is just basically Java?
So Leadpages, which uses some Java language in today's statement?
So, you know, I'm using only original pages, but you can use JSPL Logic here on some.
GSP, which consist of human tags, GSP tags, some expressions also.
So GSP has more and more advantages on solid part, but for the understanding purposes, I'm going with
the GSP, so I'm continuing only to part O legal admin, which has role to add.
Liberian and Liberian is going to take all the student records and everything.
So you can also include some student also here.
But I do, considering student mentoring is very complicated.
You can go with two parts on AG, administer, do actions and leverage and to manage everything.
So this is all about how we can create GSP.
So GSP having advantages more then.
So it's like it's extension of solid.
It's easy to maintain as development.
No need to re compiling, compile and redeploy again energy in part.
So this is all about DSP JTBC is Java database connection.
So as we know, this is very crucial like we don't want to include in text file.
We just want a database here.
So database consist of different types of tables, database training, cetera.
So I'm using your only relational database, not be in a school or anything relational database, and
I'm going to use relational.
It's good queries only.
So GDC stands for the Java database connectivity, JTBC's and Java API to execute and query with the
database.
So each and every.
Well databases and all three already created.
The developers are dedicated GDC connectors for Java API as Oracle consists already busy with 14:10
for newer versions also available with that purpose.
Also, MySchool can include For My.
So these are two examples of relational database.
If you go further with MongoDB and different database, you will understand that there are really because
I was available on the internet.
So there are four types of database for Oracle database team driver.
Basically, we are going to use and all DVC MySchool is bridge over the native driver network protocol.
Drivers are used for different, different purposes.
So we can use JDK Bay to exist tabular data stored in the relational database with the help of Julie
Bishop, yet so we can sue update, delete fish data from database so we can use that part also.
So let us see what is Julie?
So liberty is nothing more Java application.
Connector, which connects Julie Bishop and delivery driver and Julie Bishop, Travel connects the database,
so it will be very helpful to create a database connection.
So let us go to it.
Or as I told you, I already created this part, but no need to worry.
I will explain each and everything.
So I am using this steps used as far as you can see my mood subsidy, this is fine.
So nothing but I'm just riding boots that failure and you may not use this.
And this is all about digits, so it's nothing but consistent these of.
Let me close this part again.
OK.
So you can't just directly use and download it from the available I'm using.
Before things, you know, when I'm inserting some part onto your.
Forgettable, but I'm adding some images here.
With some things, as you can see for my high school connection and everything.
So close, so it is let me be on first place in this rotating and don't change this in regular testimony
because it's already written in configuration for utility.
As you can see, manifest and everything written in the stimulus basically the lowly part here.
So in this part, this welcome page, I'm reading the title deeds in my stylesheet, I'm creating navigation
bar, so you can change this also with different, different things.
But for this purpose, I'm putting, as in this notice, the first part and everything and this is home
for admin level, then I will change it again because I'm loading this only.
So I'm printing in the same part I can use this on.
Let me change traditionally in this only because I'm printing in the same, if you want to change in
another part, like if you want to create some another thing here, you can use that word also.
And let me mention Glass also.
You can create different pages for admin admin in Lebanon, but I'm creating one single page.
And collapsing this part is my e-library, let me.
Within this farm, then.
OK, so all of these things, so I am creating and winning again this year.
Don't worry, all things are related to tax with Glass Andrews admin logging into this post again.
And what I'm creating and creating.
From U.S. Army, long, remember, former action action should be with some.
Proper name, or we can say with some default or not.
Well, ABC or something, it should have some proper name because we are going to create some part also
there.
So my suggestion is you can create this item in logging inside another part.
Let me.
OK, so I'm going to use this logic.
So, ladies, I'm going to tell in writing this so late, but I'm going to create some packages and
some packages for us, like you can see that there are some.
We are going to create some more solid so or java logic.
So it will be very hectic each and every part.
So for that purpose, I'm going to use this solely with email then.
He basically leveled an input and then another with the password.
Similarly, for this purpose, I'm going to put here so late dot librarian or log in because I'm going
to create insert that only.
And this is I'm submit part, so it's all about how we can create in the broadest human.
So this basic thing.
I'm going to create so after this, I'm going to write a logic for, so let me alone.
So let me along and let me create one solid year.
I'm not going to go with default package.
I'm going to create another package your Java package.
Name is so late.
And so these men knew before I cash in, said this, I'm going to create a.
Not just be after you right click the new items box is open, so I'm going to create an index, so let
me dialog box will be open.
Then click next on the dialog box after giving the name.
Add information to the deployment and descriptor.
Click it and click Finish.
So once this is done, you can see so then you start to log in, but you can change this and delete
this part also.
Let me add your admin.
No.
So let us ride this hour step by step.
So let me add some or import some libraries, which is basically import Java, I don't I will not start
I'm using here, then I'm going to use your solid Java accessibility basically for import, as I told
you, you need to.
Joy, so let.
Not starting.
So in so doing this stuff, I'm just importing, I need to be part of the year, so I will.
Intuition, it should be not stored.
So, so I will put your as.
Importing.
Memories.
That's it.
So now we are done with this.
Let me write this part again, because we are going to override this on you.
So it will take time to shake everything.
So as you can see this.
Oh, you can close this spot.
Oh, my, it is not OK.
OK, it will remove that a little.
Well.
Not.
Well, it will win if you're doing this.
NEWSROOM this and let's not lose this part of.
So.
The public.
We are going to create class basically, so basically every public class is basically public class.
I had been logging.
We are going to create.
And women logging.
We take Syrian GDP, so.
Listen, copy this part because.
And again, an due to be late, not only so be so that you're going to mention it, should you be so.
Long are mentioning this.
Let me add one prospective warrior boost to mental.
So, OK.
Let me get this condition.
AP in.
Sometimes you use error because of.
Some part.
Let me add it again.
So we're not.
You can remove this part again because it's no longer required.
OK, so let me.
Now we are done with this.
So let us write the logic here, basically.
So in next part, I'm going to tell you how we can do a logical we before creating a logic.
Let me read some part here and I will tell you what is despite.
So this is nothing but the absolute part here.
Basically, we are just overriding this part, so we need to mention the.
Solar.
If you don't don't do anything, you're going to log lunch and also no need to watch and do so again
and again.
So we created response in this, and we need a great writer to print something on similar page which
is in fiction, and it wouldn't.
And I'm going to create a simple page inside of this one, which is basically admin section where you
can say admin pendant you're on.
So.
I'm making a request from string.
Which is basically connected to the.
That part featuring request.
I'm fitting the request.
So if you want to give on other things on, you can do what I'm going to do.
I mean, we asked for stitching that part from a steel mill and design creating logic of logging.
So if you don't want to put some default here, you can add it to the database.
But for the security convenience I'm going to take from directing, so I will what I will do if you're.
I will string.
Even if it were to.
And mean.
Not.
Men and red.
And geographically, nothing during lockdown.
No need to check each and everything I can change his part of this from.
What I'm going to put it is spring even in doing so.
And one, two, three.
So this will be the password and username for logging and.
I will put your credentials on a.
So this will be the credential for retirement.
For now, you will understand I'm going to create even sparked your own need to take each and everything
as simple java.
So let me use that if it's part and you will understand this.
So this is very easy.
Use full time, you can use your.
And for their part, I'm going to create some library and methods and issue book log in library.
And each part.
So for further development, I'm going to use Java seven.